Welcome to SaluDic. Today we are going to talk about asthma.
Asthma is a chronic disease of the airways that causes inflammation
and difficulty breathing. Its symptoms may include coughing, wheezing,
chest tightness, and difficulty breathing due to allergies, genetic factors, or pollution.
Tests such as spirometry and
chest x-rays are performed to diagnose asthma. Treatment includes treatments such as inhaled corticosteroids or bronchodilators.
Of all these areas of Spain, the most affected is the Valencian community
with around 375,000 asthmatics. Although asthma has no cure, most
people can lead a healthy life with proper treatment.
Here we leave you more information. Thank you so much.